Update dte_energy_bridge.markdown (#31510)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/dte_energy_bridge.markdown

ha_integration_type: integration
---

A sensor platform for [DTE](https://www.newlook.dteenergy.com/) using an early model of the Energy Bridge. To find out which version of the DTE Energy Bridge you have, find the status LED on your box.

 - If the status LED is on the top, you have a v1.
 - If the status LED is on the front, you have a v2.

<div class='note'>

> The firmware of the DTE v2 bridges that started shipping circa mid-2020 will not work with this integration. This includes the model containing integrated wifi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The firmware of the DTE v2 bridges that started shipping circa mid-2020 will not work with this integration. This includes the model containing integrated Wi-Fi.
```
